README.md, before:

# UnraveledMCMod #
A server modification for the UnraveledMC server


Please read the following below for the original README. The bottom section is for this mod. As stated below, you may NOT share modified compiled versions of this plugin.
# TotalFreedomMod #

TotalFreedomMod is a CraftBukkit server plugin designed primarily to support the [Official TotalFreedom Minecraft Server](http://totalfreedom.me/). However, you are more than welcome to adapt the source for your own server.

This plugin was originally coded by StevenLawson (Madgeek1450), with Jerom van der Sar (Prozza) becoming heavily involved in its development some time later. It consists of over 85 custom coded commands and a large variety of distinguishable features not included in any other plugin. The plugin has since its beginning grown immensely. Together, with the main TotalFreedom server, TotalFreedomMod has a long-standing reputation of effectiveness whilst maintaining a clear feeling of openness towards the administrators and the players themselves.

### Download ###
You may download official binaries from the [releases page](https://github.com/TotalFreedom/TotalFreedomMod/releases).

### Contributing ###
Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/TotalFreedom/TotalFreedomMod/CONTRIBUTING.md) if you are interested in developing TotalFreedomMod. For information on how TotalFreedomMod is licensed, please see [LICENSE.md](https://github.com/TotalFreedom/TotalFreedomMod/LICENSE.md).
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# UnraveledMCMod #
UnraveledMCMod was a forked version of TotalFreedomMod. Ivan Morgan, otherwise known as AwesomePinch, then modified it, and OxLemonxO,
RobinGall2910, and CreeperSeth then started to contribute to it along with him. TotalFreedomMod, as stated above, was coded by Steven Lawson (Madgeek1450)
and Jerom van der Sar (Prozza), and was not officially started by Ivan Morgan, or any of the UMC developers. As for rules:

Due to the the TFM license, we are not allowed to release official release jars of the plugin. You will have to compile UMC with eclipse
for yourself!

You are ALSO NOT ALLOWED TO SEND THE COMPILED VERSIONS OF UMC NOR TFM TO ANYONE!!! It is against the rules!

Commit message:

More to my likings now,

README.md, after:

# RedCraftedMod #
A modification for the RedCrafted minecraft server.
Read below for the UMCM readme.
Our mod is generally made the support the [RedCrafted MineCraft Server](http://redcrafted.com)
Since we are not allowed to release our mod due to the TFM & UMC Licenses you need to compile it yourself, soon we will make a guide to compiling it. You are fully allowed to fork our mod but PLEASE leave us the credits. For example, leave the readme and leave our ranks but change them to RC-Developer(redcrafteddeveloper) and change Owner to RC-Owner  and only do that to the important ranks. 
RedCraftedMod was a forked version of UnraveledMCMod (below) and that is a fork of TFM. We then modified UMCM to our own likings, by we we mean, Decy(decyj145) Ezelvar also known as SaltShaker & xXGlassShardsXx. TFM was coded by Steven Lawson (Madgeek1450)
and Jerom van der Sar (Prozza), but none of the RCM Developers actually develop TFM. Soon further information on our mod will be available.

# UnraveledMCMod #
UnraveledMCMod was a forked version of TotalFreedomMod. Ivan Morgan, otherwise known as AwesomePinch, then modified it, and OxLemonxO,
RobinGall2910, and CreeperSeth then started to contribute to it along with him. TotalFreedomMod, as stated above (no-longer stated above), was coded by Steven Lawson (Madgeek1450)
and Jerom van der Sar (Prozza), and was not officially started by Ivan Morgan, or any of the UMC developers. As for rules:

Due to the the TFM license, we are not allowed to release official release jars of the plugin. You will have to compile UMC with eclipse
for yourself!

You are ALSO NOT ALLOWED TO SEND THE COMPILED VERSIONS OF UMC NOR TFM TO ANYONE!!! It is against the rules!
